Updated certs docs (#161)
moovweb-docs/xdn-docs: guides/production.md

1. Make sure each environment is configured with the custom domains on which it will receive traffic. For more information on configuring custom domains, see [Domains](#section_domains) above.

2. Using your DNS provider, verify and possibly add a `CAA` record to allow *Let's Encrypt* to generate certificates for your domains.

   The CAA DNS entries of a domain behave like a whitelist to indicate wheither **any** or only **certain** Certificate Autorities are allowed to generate certificates for that domain.

>    If there are no CAA records, it means that **any** Certificate Authority are allowed to generate certificates for that domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If there are no CAA records, it means that **any** Certificate Authority is allowed to generate certificates for that domain.
```

   If there are CAA records, it means that only **certain** Certificate Authorities are allowed to generate certificates for that domain.

   So in order for *Let's Encrypt* to be able to generate a certificate for your domains, you must either not have defined any CAA records, or *Let's Encrypt*'s CAA entry must be among those defined in the list of CAA records.

   You can verify the value of the CAA records for your domain from the command line using the command below.

   ```
   # Run the following command
   dig caa +short <your-apex-domain>

   # Example
   dig caa +short mywebsite.xyz
   ```

   Example of a CAA query showing that only **certain** Certificate Authorities are allowed to generate certificates for that domain:

   ```
   0 issue "amazon.com"
   0 issue "digicert.com"
   0 issue "globalsign.com"
   0 issue "letsencrypt.org"
   ```

>    If the result of the CAA DNS query is empty, it means that **any** Certificate Authorities are allowed to generate certificates on that domain. If so, you can directly go to the next step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If the result of the CAA DNS query is empty, it means that **any** Certificate Authority is allowed to generate certificates on that domain. If so, you can directly go to the next step.
```
